When you live in the light, you're blind to the dark.

The Age of Light is upon us. All the horrors of the darkness are being pushed out. Killed, or simply left to die in the light of artificial suns.

To most, it is an age of greatness. Of safety and peace. But to us... it is the end.

The darkness is a cruel environment. Predators lurk in the shadows, ready to pounce. To eat you. But despite--or perhaps because of--this danger, the darkness holds a great beauty. It's full of mystery and wonder. Yes, there are monsters, but if you look hard enough, you'll see a world of endless possibilities. A world that has evolved for life in the dark.

The humans fear us. They claim the darkness has corrupted us. What they call corruption, we call adaptation. While they try to change the world to fit them, we changed ourselves to fit the world.

They blind the world with their light. They disturb the natural order. And I'm going to make things right. Whatever it takes.




The Dark Realm:
	Home of the Malhela.
	Covered by the Dark Fog.
	Malhela:
		Humans altered by the Dark Fog.
		Esperanto for "dark"
		Covered with black marks.
		Sharp teeth
		Red or yellow eyes
		Can see through the Fog.
		Shapeshifting?
		Somewhat bat-like
		
The Light Realm:
	Home of the Lightbringers.
	Full of Light Crystals.
	Lightbringers:
		Humans altered by the Light.
		White hair
		Large ears sticking out to the side.
		Tail?
		Very good eyesight.
		Scales made out of Light Crystals
		
Plot:
	You choose one of two main characters to follow:
		A Lightbringer
		A Malhela
	In both cases, your initial goal is to reclaim territory lost to the other side (destroying the Light Crystals or eliminating the Dark Fog)
	The two characters likely run into each other a few times and fight.
	Eventually, they both get captured by humans, and locked up together. They talk, and realize that they're both just trying to save their own species and reclaim the territory that belongs to them. They escape together, and join forces to try to find a way for both sides to live in peace.
	Later, they discover that both the Light Crystals and the Dark Fog are living creatures using the Malhela and the Lightbringers as hosts to spread the infection. Occasionally, the infection will overtake the body, and the person turns into a mere factory to create more Fog/Crystals. They can no longer move, and they lose their humanoid form, but they remain awake. Trapped. Wishing for death. For hundred of years. These factories are the structures you destroyed towards the beginning.
		Long ago, the war started because Malhela and Lightbringers were overcome by their infection in the other's lands, turning them into a factory for Crystals or Fog. Believing it to be an intentional act of invasion, the two sides retaliated. And thus the war began.
		When the infection begins to overtake the body, the host is overcome with a strong urge to head somewhere remote, away from the Fog/Crystals (whichever they're infected with). This helps ensure that they spread the infection to a new area, and that nobody will see what happens to them.
		
	Possible ideas:
		There's a group working to help the infection spread. They're also ensuring that the war continues. They see the Crystals and Fog as a god (or gifts from a god), and aim to help it take over the world. They're also performing a lot of experiments (on Malhela, Lightbringers, and humans alike).
	







