Idea:
	Collect-a-thon platformer, have to complete challenges to get some magical items to save the world.
		Found scattered about, or in the hands of random people
		Example:
			Random guy: "What the hell is this thing?"
			Alex: "Hey, can we have that? We need to collect all of them to save the world."
			Random guy: "To save the world? Sure, I got no use for it."
			Alex: "Score"
		Later:
			Random guy: "What the hell is this thing?"
			Alex: "Hey, can we have that? We need to collect all of them to save the world."
			Random guy: "To save the world? You need ALL of them?"
			Alex: "Yeah."
			Random guy: "So... you'd be willing to do just about ANYTHING to get this one, then?"
			Alex: "Uh... I... guess."
			Random guy: "Okay. Suck. My. Di--" *Something horrible happens to him* "T--take it. Just... take it."
	Could take place in the Otherworld, to allow for crazy levels (which are a staple of the old platforming games like Spyro)
	Levels in both the physical world and the Otherworld
		The Otherworld levels should all be really crazy and fun (like Dreamweavers, The Milk Man Conspiracy, Cloud Cuckoo Land, et cetera)
	Find locked door. Find key with sign saying it will unlock any door in the dungeon. Use key. "Hey, keep it! We can use this <em>one key</em> on <em>every door</em>!"
		Next door: you use the key, and it turns out the lock was booby-trapped to pour acid over the key when unlocked. Every future door works like that.


Running gag:
	the characters complain about the background music
		The sound guy keeps playing different versions of Suburban Rhythm when asked to change the song.


Multiple playable characters:
	I'll likely be working on this thing for a long time, so I'd like to be able to put all my main characters in it. Show off my best character-creation and dialog skills. And just enjoy it more.
	Each character is unique. They all have their own powers, and even different play experiences.
		Luce:
			After doing something really awful, everyone insists he gets a morality meter. Which he does. It ranges from blue to orange.
			Sees extended information on enemies.
			Has hallucinations.
			Can drive people insane by showing them The Truth.
			Entertaining dialog options.
			Has lots of useful knowledge (codes and passwords), which he will only use after having enough "fun". Basically, you need to be sadistic in order to use his abilities.
		Alex:
			Breathes fire.
			Immune to fire.
			Healing.
			When killed, will heal and ressurect if possible.
		Tanner:
			Adorable.
			Can nap to recover energy.
			Kittenriffic.
			Can switch between humaniod and feline forms. In feline form, is extra adorable, and can squeeze through tight spaces
			Good jumping skills.
		Lilly:
			Mind control.
	Probably a good idea. Even if it doesn't work for the final game, it will allow me to experiment with all the characters, and see who people like playing as.
	You will need to make use of each character's unique skills at certain points in the game, but for the most part, you're free to play as whoever you want.


